docs: fix numbering and standardize UI bolding in Asgardeo onboarding (#5917)
wso2/docs-is: en/asgardeo/docs/get-started/create-asgardeo-account.md

# Create your Asgardeo account

Follow these steps to set up your Asgardeo account.

## Create an organization

An organization in Asgardeo is your own unique space that contains your users and application configurations. Sign up to create your first organization.

1. Go to the [**Asgardeo webpage**](https://wso2.com/asgardeo/) and click **Sign up for free**.

> 2. Enter your email address and click **Register**. Asgardeo sends you an email with instructions to complete your account creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enter your email address and click **Register**. You will receive an email with instructions on how to complete your account creation.
```

   ![Sign up to Asgardeo]({{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/sign-up-to-asgardeo.png){: width="700" style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

3. Click **Confirm** in the email and fill in your information to create your Asgardeo account.

   !!! note

>        You can also sign in using a social sign-in method to create your account.

Reviewer: This we don't need to document. people who are knowledgeable enough to sign up and check their email will know the next steps.

```suggestion
```

!!! tip "Access the Asgardeo Console"

>     As an organization owner or administrator, you can manage all organizations, applications, and users you create using the **Asgardeo Console**. Access the console using the following link:

Reviewer: seems like duplicate text

An organization in Asgardeo will be your own unique space and it will contain your users and application configurations. Let's sign up and create your first organization.

1. Go to the [Asgardeo webpage](https://wso2.com/asgardeo/) and click **Sign up for free**.

2. Enter your email address and click **Register**. You will receive an email with instructions on how to complete your account creation.
3. Click **Confirm** in the email and fill in your information to create your Asgardeo account.

>     ![Sign up to Asgardeo]({{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/sign-up-to-asgardeo.png){: width="700" style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

Reviewer: is removing the image intentional?

Author: > is removing the image intentional?

Restored, sorry for the unintentional removal.

3. Click **Confirm** on the email and fill in your information to create your Asgardeo account.

    !!! note

        You can also use one of the social login methods to create your account.

!!! note
    You can also use one of the social login methods to create your account.

!!! tip "Access the Asgardeo Console"

    As an organization owner or administrator, you can manage your organizations, applications, and users through the Asgardeo Console. Make sure to use the appropriate console URL based on the region chosen during registration.

- US Region: https://console.asgardeo.io/

> - EU Region: https://console.eu.asgardeo.io/

Reviewer: Please keep this information.

Author: > Please keep this information.

Restored the US/EU region URLs.

> 2. Click **Next** and **Finish**.

Reviewer: Shouldn't these be numbered as 4 and 5 instead of 1 and 2?

    ![Sign up to Asgardeo]({{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/sign-up-to-asgardeo.png){: width="700" style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

!!! tip "Access the Asgardeo Console"
    As an organization owner or administrator, you can manage your organizations, applications, and users through the Asgardeo Console. Make sure to use the appropriate console URL based on the region chosen during registration.

    - US Region: https://console.asgardeo.io/
    - EU Region: https://console.eu.asgardeo.io/

## Create a user

Users can log in to applications that you register in Asgardeo. Let's create a user by following the steps below.

1. On the **Asgardeo Console**, go to **User Management** > **Users**.
2. Click **Add User** > **Single User**.
3. Fill in the user's details.

    ![customer-account-create-ui]({{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/create-user-account.png){: width="500" style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

4. Select **Set a password for the user** and enter a temporary password for the user. The user will be able to change the password later.

> 5. Click **Next** and **Finish**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Next** and then **Finish**.
```

## Create a user

> You can sign in to applications you register in Asgardeo. Create a user by following the steps below:

Reviewer: Keep the previous text.

1. On the **Asgardeo Console**, go to **User Management** > **Users**.
2. Click **Add User** > **Single User**.
3. Fill in the user details.

   ![customer-account-create-ui]({{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/create-user-account.png){: width="500" style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

> 4. Select **Set a password for the user** and enter a temporary password. You can change the password later.

Reviewer: Please revert back to the original text. these steps talk about adding users to one's asgardeo organization once an admin has created an account. Your updated text does not reflect that.

5. Click **Next** and **Finish**.

You can now manage this user account from the **Asgardeo Console**.

!!! note

>     You can also manage your account from the **Asgardeo self-service portal**. Learn more about [user self-service]({{base_path}}/guides/user-self-service/).

Reviewer: revert back to original text
